do me a big program using html. css, java script. for a delivery and logistic for now specialised in delivering building materials, tool, tanks, etc from the main trader to his agents shops across the provences of iraq from baghdad.  use diffrent tabs based on the need. the program to have major tabs as following: 1- public face to have company profile and services like about us. in this tab no account is needed to log in. 2- clients tab, this tab need a limited access so log in limited to his page (otp to verify his mobile)  when he want to book a shipping trip so he will fill his details and his reciver detais (can be saved to reuse) and locations etc of the needed info also to include the shipping cost calculater based on 4 calugary already preset for long haul middle haul and short haul and the forth one is domistoc inside the city.  the calculator use the highest among size (many boxes options as hight, width, length and number of bokes) or wight or just flat rate based on total boxes) so the user is free to use wich onealso for the client he can see the history of his work with us from day one. then sure a ability of booking as send the booking order to the us bottom sure immediatly recive a confirmation like  with full service like pdf save and print sheet also good to have a bottom of contact us by whatsapp. in the calculater system also we offer two prices. a- full car rate when his total volum acceed 15 cubic meter and partial car rate when his total volume is below 15 cubic meter. but the client dont need to see the details just total calculation 3- driver tab. this is also limited acess so he see assiged trip schedule / city also his hisoty also calculator tool like in client tab but not showing mony just to verify the size / wight/ or total boxes. for the above tabs 2 & 3 all mesure in cm but the total in cubic meter. the driver also must be able to put his expenses salary fule for each list/trip also his name will be assigned to each list/trip 4 -managment tab, this like a super major dashboard for our managment. also i can and only me to set the rates for the long/middle/short/domistic rate as we will need to update it always, also we can set the total can rate/ partial rate , also and broker/ sub broker percentage, 5- broker tab. this is a editable comission (default is 10%  of the business came from him. )the managment deside to offer when the person bring business to us and let the finder fee see his work history with us with his brought people and total money with dates etc. from managment tab we set his commision. 6- sub broker , this tab is when the broker bring a business from another broker so he is intiteld for a defult 5% from that broker business. the conset is to motivate more people to bring more business. and from managment tab acess we can edit all comssions also the managment only can connect the busiess to a broker and sub broker with commsion rasio.
